what is going on excellency Jack here
and welcome to the first episode of The
Prestige Diaries here on black ops 2
i've been pretty much playing perhaps
too since released night I got it
midnight release I want to walk there
free I was able to play the game through
very very very quickly and today could
be prestige it for the first time so
basically this is gonna be a series that
I'm redoing every time I prestige
basically showing you my staff now on
modern warfare 3 I was able to prestige
the 10th in about 2 in a bit weeks I'm
trying to be that this year so this is
my kind of profile so far combat record
rot rot wise so 14 our prestige is
pretty decent will in fact 13 hours and
14 minutes that's a pretty quick
prestige I've heard that it's meant to
take you about 18 or 17 and while
viously there's the new town 2025
playlist I've played that a bit but I
wouldn't say I paid that enough to knock
that 13 hours down to what it is so kill
death 1.51 it was about 1.7 but I've
been trying to put mix it up game mode
wise and I don't know there's a lot of
kill hoary people and get certain game
modes like how our hard points and stuff
so probably get that a bit higher
win-loss is 2.19 been playing with
parties a lot of the time however I have
had two lone wolf it a bit so 2.1 at
2.19 is probably where it should be
really as for my Creator classes i
suppose i can show you those just so you
can see what i've been using know what
the a and 25 is the first 1 i've been
using you unlock this at level 55 I've
just got this it's a pre decent gun it's
a bit romantic the ak-47 from previous
color duties we've got the vector which
I've been using with flak jacket and
awareness long barrel really works well
on the vector increases its range
massively anyone who's used SMGs or no
lot on black ops 2 the range on smgs is
a bit below par so long barrel really
helps to is enhance this and as you can
see I've already got my back to gold and
I got it gold is pretty much be in my
main weapon this prestige I've already
prestiged the weapon too
ice for anyone that doesn't know each
weapon has 17 prestiges at not 17
prestigious area 17 levels and two
prestigious so you've got to level 17
with your weapon three times sniper wise
I've used the DSR about it I've
prestiged at once so that might again
account for a bit of my kill death going
down another vet class hair this is
mostly for SMD you know lightweight dead
silence awareness dead sanction
awareness a pretty mature dead silence
and sitrep pro from modern warfare 3 for
those of you who don't know and as for
my fifth class I've been using the m8a1
which is a best fire weapon I've not
used it massively however one I have
used it it's been a pretty reliable
weapon for me and as you can see i'm
going to be using or have been using
flak jacket and scavenger with tap mask
which is kind of another objective
playing class on this game scavenger is
really good because it replenishes
grenades and if you're using a wild card
like on this vector plus that you can
see I have with danger close the greed
perk and you get to send texts and
scavenger will replace both of these as
you run around anyway guys I'm just
going to put this episode shot these are
just meant to be short sharp updates for
you guys showing you my progress maybe
we'll look at early every so often and
other than that guys I think it's tons
of prestige so let's do it for the first
time so guys thank you for watching
spare me jack and I'll talk to you guys
in a bit